1) Our first chart presents the ten states with the most individuals killed while fleeing from police. In many ways, this variable
represents those individuals who were the most obviously non-threatening to police. Among 1500 killed individuals, only 138 were 
marked as fleeing when slain. 79 of these killings occurred in these 10 states, representing 57% of total such deaths.
Four of the top five are in the 5 most populous states in the dataset, implying some need to control for proportionality. Taken together,
that distribution means shockingly few killings of fleeing suspects occur in the vast majority of states. Broadly speaking, this can be
read as police showing restraint regarding fleeing suspects, or, police underreporting the number of fleeing suspects who are slain.

2) Our second chart shows the proportional breakdown of victims based on mental illness and armament at time of death. We were curious
about the relative rates, but especially about the intersection of the two. While we cannot ascertain the legality of weapon ownership
among those represented here, it is striking that 15% of those killed by police were both mentally ill and armed at the time of their deaths.
These deaths would seem to be the most preventable if basic gun control and prudence measures were adopted more widely in our society. Also
striking is the roughly 38% of those killed who were unarmed in any way. Police should not kill without the ironclad knowledge that 
a life is in immediate danger and there is no other remediation. Without armament of any kind, it begs the question: what justification
was there to kill these 589 people?

3) The third charts looks at trends over time in number of people killed by police by month. Although simple, it is a good starting
point to help us see what data exists in general. After we look at trends over time, we can start to understand what if data might be missing/unreported.
The line chart can help us form questions to better understand what an "average" month looks like, and then start to compare months with fewer deaths and
months with more deaths, and then follow up with questions on why there are differences between months. This chart shows that the lowest
number of deaths is in June, which is the first month of summer, but the highest number of deaths occurred the following month. With additional data,
we could compare these trends over many months and years to get a better picture behind what is causing these peaks and troughs.